DEPLOY-STATUS-FIX-NOW.md, before:

# 🚀 QUICK DEPLOY - Tournament Status Fix

## ⚡ Run This Now in Supabase Dashboard

1. **Open Supabase Dashboard**
   - Go to your project
   - Click **SQL Editor** in left sidebar

2. **Run the Fix**
   - Open: `scripts/fix-tournament-status-lifecycle-complete.sql`
   - Copy ALL contents
   - Paste into SQL Editor
   - Click **Run** button

3. **Verify Success**
   - You should see success messages
   - Check output shows tournament update counts
   - Go to Admin → Tournaments page
   - **Status Mismatch Suggestions** panel should be empty (or show only tournaments missing registration dates)

## ✅ Expected Output

```
✅ Tournament Lifecycle Status System - COMPLETE FIX applied!

📝 Fixed Functions:
  - detect_tournament_status_mismatches() - Now checks ALL lifecycle states
  - auto_update_tournament_statuses() - Now updates through FULL lifecycle

🔄 Full Lifecycle Progression:
  1. upcoming → (before registration_open_date)
  2. registration_open → (registration_open_date reached)
  3. registration_closed → (registration_close_date reached)
  4. live → (start_date reached)
  5. completed → (end_date reached)

✅ BMW Australian PGA Championship and all future tournaments will now
   automatically progress through registration phases correctly.

🔧 Auto-update runs every 2 minutes via admin panel (already configured)
```

## 🔍 Check BMW Australian PGA Championship

After running the fix, check the tournament:

1. Go to **Admin → Tournaments**
2. Find **BMW Australian PGA Championship**
3. Click to open settings
4. **Status should now be: `live`** (not `upcoming`)
5. List view should also show: **In-Play** badge

## 📋 What This Fixes

**Before**: 
- Tournament list showed "live" 
- Tournament settings showed "upcoming"
- Auto-update only checked for live/completed states

**After**:
- Both views show correct status
- Auto-update checks ALL 5 lifecycle states
- Tournaments automatically transition through registration phases

## 🔧 No Further Action Needed

Once you run this SQL script:
- ✅ Fix is permanent
- ✅ Auto-refresh runs every 2 minutes
- ✅ All future tournaments will work correctly
- ✅ No manual status updates needed

---

**File Location**: `c:\inplaytv\scripts\fix-tournament-status-lifecycle-complete.sql`

Commit message:

docs: update deploy guide to mention column creation

DEPLOY-STATUS-FIX-NOW.md, after:

# 🚀 QUICK DEPLOY - Tournament Status Fix

## ⚡ Run This Now in Supabase Dashboard

**IMPORTANT**: This script now includes column creation, so it works even if you haven't run the lifecycle migration yet!

1. **Open Supabase Dashboard**
   - Go to your project
   - Click **SQL Editor** in left sidebar

2. **Run the Fix**
   - Open: `scripts/fix-tournament-status-lifecycle-complete.sql`
   - Copy ALL contents
   - Paste into SQL Editor
   - Click **Run** button

3. **Verify Success**
   - You should see success messages
   - Check output shows tournament update counts
   - Go to Admin → Tournaments page
   - **Status Mismatch Suggestions** panel should be empty (or show only tournaments missing registration dates)

## ✅ Expected Output

```
✅ Tournament Lifecycle Status System - COMPLETE FIX applied!

📝 Fixed Functions:
  - detect_tournament_status_mismatches() - Now checks ALL lifecycle states
  - auto_update_tournament_statuses() - Now updates through FULL lifecycle

🔄 Full Lifecycle Progression:
  1. upcoming → (before registration_open_date)
  2. registration_open → (registration_open_date reached)
  3. registration_closed → (registration_close_date reached)
  4. live → (start_date reached)
  5. completed → (end_date reached)

✅ BMW Australian PGA Championship and all future tournaments will now
   automatically progress through registration phases correctly.

🔧 Auto-update runs every 2 minutes via admin panel (already configured)
```

## 🔍 Check BMW Australian PGA Championship

After running the fix, check the tournament:

1. Go to **Admin → Tournaments**
2. Find **BMW Australian PGA Championship**
3. Click to open settings
4. **Status should now be: `live`** (not `upcoming`)
5. List view should also show: **In-Play** badge

## 📋 What This Fixes

**Before**: 
- Tournament list showed "live" 
- Tournament settings showed "upcoming"
- Auto-update only checked for live/completed states

**After**:
- Both views show correct status
- Auto-update checks ALL 5 lifecycle states
- Tournaments automatically transition through registration phases

## 🔧 No Further Action Needed

Once you run this SQL script:
- ✅ Fix is permanent
- ✅ Auto-refresh runs every 2 minutes
- ✅ All future tournaments will work correctly
- ✅ No manual status updates needed

---

**File Location**: `c:\inplaytv\scripts\fix-tournament-status-lifecycle-complete.sql`
